# SSP Operator metrics
This document aims to help users that are not familiar with metrics exposed by the SSP Operator.
All metrics documented here are auto-generated by the utility tool `tools/metricsdocs` and reflects exactly what is being exposed.

## SSP Operator Metrics List
### kubevirt_ssp_common_templates_restored_increase
The increase in the number of common templates restored by the operator back to their original state, over the last hour. Type: Gauge.
### kubevirt_ssp_common_templates_restored_total
The total number of common templates restored by the operator back to their original state. Type: Counter.
### kubevirt_ssp_operator_reconcile_succeeded
Set to 1 if the reconcile process of all operands completes with no errors, and to 0 otherwise. Type: Gauge.
### kubevirt_ssp_operator_reconcile_succeeded_aggregated
The total number of ssp-operator pods reconciling with no errors. Type: Gauge.
### kubevirt_ssp_operator_up
The total number of running ssp-operator pods. Type: Gauge.
### kubevirt_ssp_template_validator_rejected_increase
The increase in the number of rejected template validators, over the last hour. Type: Gauge.
### kubevirt_ssp_template_validator_rejected_total
The total number of rejected template validators. Type: Counter.
### kubevirt_ssp_template_validator_up
The total number of running virt-template-validator pods. Type: Gauge.
## Developing new metrics
After developing new metrics or changing old ones, please run `make generate-doc` to regenerate this document.
